---
title: License
description: The open source license of HeyForm
icon: 'lucide:file-text'
---

HeyForm is open-source under the GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 (AGPL-3.0), You can find it **[here](https://github.com/heyform/heyform/blob/main/LICENSE)**. The goal of the AGPL-3.0 license is to:

- Provide stronger protection against patent threats.
- Clarify license compatibility.
- Ensure users can work with AGPL-3.0 covered software without concerns about patent aggression.
- Allow the use of code with certain requirements like trademark restrictions.
- Protect users' freedom to modify software on their devices.
- Prevent the practice of denying users access to modified versions of software.
- Address issues related to software patents and prevent patents from making programs effectively proprietary.

---

Here are the 3 different possible use cases:

#### You'd like to self-host HeyForm as-is without modifying the source code and you don't have the intention to commercialize your version of HeyForm.

You can host and use HeyForm without restrictions. Your contributions to improve HeyForm and fix bugs are welcome. 💙

#### You'd like to fork the project to build your own features on top of HeyForm and you don't have the intention to commercialize your version of HeyForm.

You need to open-source your modifications.

#### You'd like to commercialize your own version of HeyForm

1. You need to open-source your modifications.
2. After your users registration, you should provide a prominent mention and link to the original project (https://heyform.net). You should clearly mention that you provide a modified version of the official project, HeyForm. It would be also a good place to explain your version advantages comparing to the original project.
3. You need to provide a link to your forked repository somewhere in the landing page or the builder. This way, interested users can easily access and review the modifications you’ve made.
