---
title: Privacy Policy
description: The official Privacy Policy of HeyForm.
icon: 'lucide:shield-check'
---

This Privacy policy enunciates the privacy and data protection principles followed by EarlyBird, Inc. and its affiliates with regards to the collection, use, sharing and processing of personal information and personal data obtained in connection with the use of this website. This Privacy policy applies to the processing of personal information or personal data of visitors and existing and prospective users of HeyForm and its affiliates, Customers, Suppliers, resellers, Agents, Business Partners, and their representatives. We, EarlyBird, Inc. built HeyForm (“us”, “we”, “our”), and operate and provide the Services.

## What information do we collect and how is it used?

We collect all the information that you update when you sign up on our website or fill out your details in a form. Mostly we collect and store personal information, such as your name and email address. If you purchase HeyForm products and services, billing and credit card information may be necessary in order for us to provide a particular service. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information that you may provide to us in the future.

In contact form of our website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter details like your name, company name, e-mail address, mailing address, or phone number (“Personal Information”).

Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by HeyForm. This information can include but not limited to: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. We may combine this information from your browser or your mobile device with other information that we or our partners collect about you, including across devices. This information is used to prevent fraud and to keep the Services secure, operate the services, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the HeyForm website. We may combine the information we collect from you with information obtained from other sources to help us improve its overall accuracy and completeness, and to help us better tailor our interactions with you.

In addition, we may also collect information relating to your use of our websites through the use of various technologies, including cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user’s computer and allow websites to remember information about users, such as their geo-location. We use cookies, to customize content and advertising, to provide social media features, and to analyze traffic to the site. We also share information about your use of our site and your email address with our trusted social media, advertising, and analytics partners. We may combine the information we collect from you with information obtained from other sources to help us improve its overall accuracy and completeness, and to help us better tailor our interactions with you.

We collect your personal information directly from you when you register to use HeyForm products and services, when you sign up for a free trial of our products and services, when you contact us via our website contact form, when you submit an online support ticket, when you send us an email, when you sign-up online for our newsletter, or when you apply for a job. We may collect the following personal information from you:

- Contact data, such as name, email, phone number
- Business data, such as company name, business type, department, title, business email, business phone number, products that you use
- Payment data, such as invoice information or credit card payment information.

The personal information that we collect from you is used to:

- Provide you with products and services, and obtain payment
- Log you into your account
- Respond to your requests and questions
- Communicate upcoming HeyForm events of interest, including co-branded events, or updates to our products and services
- Improve our products and services, and innovate new products and services
- Detect, prevent, and resolve security and technical issues
- Fulfill the obligations outlined in the Services Agreement.
- Provide HeyForm with marketing analytics and insights
- Contact you regarding a job application

HeyForm allows you to log in to our website services using sign-in services, such as Facebook Connect or Google single sign-on. These services authenticate your identity and provide you with the option of sharing certain personal information, such as name and email address, to pre-populate our sign-in form.

## Third-Party Collection and Use

We purchase marketing data about our customers from third parties and combine it with information we already have about you, to create more tailored advertising and products.

If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.

## Does HeyForm share my Personal Information?

We will not sell, rent, or share your Personal Information with third parties outside of our company without your consent. We will also not share your information with third parties for a purpose that is materially different from original purposes without your consent.

HeyForm may, however, share or disclose Personal Information under certain circumstances:

- We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors who help us provide you with the HeyForm products and services that you request.
- We will share information with entities affiliated by HeyForm.
- We may share information if we are required by law or if we think we have to in order to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena, to meet national security requirements, or if we are investigating potential fraud.
- We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. This may occur in the acquisition, in whole or in part, of HeyForm, or in a sale of some or all of HeyForm’s assets, a merger, a bankruptcy, or other transition of the business.
- We may disclose your Personal Information with trusted partners (service providers, sub-contractors, and other associated organizations) for the purpose of providing services to you or completing the tasks on our behalf (for ex., sending postal mails or emails, provides customer support). But, all such third parties are prohibited from using your Personal Information except to provide these services. They are obligated to maintain the same level of protection of your information that we offer to you.
- We will share information if you ask that we share your Personal Information with a third party.
- We may have to share your Personal Information when it is required to, or when we believe it is appropriate to abide by the law (e.g., due to a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy or our other policies or agreements; to safeguard our rights, property or safety; to protect from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of our website or our services; to improve our services or products, or if we believe that an emergency that involves the danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires or justifies by showing up your Personal Information.

## How do we protect your Personal Information?

We implement a variety of security measures to safeguard the safety of your Personal Information. Our website offers the use of a secure server. All of your Personal Information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized officials with special access rights to our systems, and who are required to keep the Personal Information confidential. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so. We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.

## Does Heyform collect personal data from children?

Our websites and mobile applications are not created for children. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 16. HeyForm does not target our website, our products or services towards children under the age of 16. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can email us.

## Privacy for Form Creators?

When you register for an account, we collect your username, password and email address.

If you make a payment to HeyForm, we require that you provide your billing details, including name, address, email address, and financial information corresponding to your selected method of payment (e.g. a credit card number and expiration date or a bank account number). If you provide a billing address, we will regard that as the location of the account holder. Our integrations with 3rd party payment gateways are for processing only. HeyForm does not store or log any sensitive cardholder data provided by you or your form users.

We store your form data (questions and responses) for you from your end customers/users. Once the account terminates entire data will be removed and we will not save any backups.

Other data you intentionally share with us, we will store, ie we may collect your personal information or data if you submit it to us in other contexts. For example, if you provide us with a testimonial, or participate in a HeyForm contest. We will not contact your form respondents or individuals in your Address Book except in your direction. HeyForm will not sell or make available these email addresses to any third parties.

## Privacy for Form respondents?

When you respond to forms hosted by HeyForm, we collect, on behalf and upon instructions, including the ones provided in this privacy policy, of form creators, information relating to you and your use of our services from a variety of sources. These are listed below. The sections afterward describe what HeyForm does with this information.

### Form responses

HeyForm collects and stores the form responses that you submit. The form creator is responsible for this data and manages it. A form may ask you to provide personal information or data. If you have any questions about a form you are taking, please contact the form creator directly as HeyForm is not responsible for the content of that form. The form creator is usually the same person that invited you to take the form and sometimes they have their own privacy policy. HeyForm will not check all form contents created by our users, ie form creator and if you see any issues due to the form contents, you have contacted them directly to remove the content. You will need to ask the form creator as it depends on how the individual, company, or organization has chosen to configure the form(s). HeyForm provides instructions describing how a form creator can ensure collected responses are done so anonymously. However, even if a form creator has followed those steps, specific questions in the form may still ask you for your personal information or data that could be used to identify you.

### Information collected from form respondents

Our form responses are owned and managed by the form creator. HeyForm treats that information as private to the form creator, except if the form creator has made the questions and responses available via a public link. Please contact the form creator directly to understand how the individual, company, or organization uses your form responses. Some form creators may provide you with a privacy policy or notice at the time you complete its form and we encourage you to review that to understand how the form creator will handle your responses. HeyForm does not sell or make available form responses to third parties without the form creator’s permission and HeyForm does not use any contact details collected in our customers’ forms to contact form respondents. HeyForm also uses the information collected from you, including usage data, device data, referral data, and information from page tags to manage and improve our services, for research purposes, and for the various purposes described in this privacy policy.

HeyForm does not sell or make available your form responses without express permission! HeyForm will share your form responses with third parties only as described in this privacy policy.

HeyForm hosts forms created by form creators. However, form creators are actually the primary curator of form data. Anything you expressly disclose in your form responses will, naturally, be provided to them. Please contact the form creator directly to understand how they might share your form responses. Please see this privacy policy to understand what HeyForm tells form creators about how HeyForm handles form responses, and to whom HeyForm may disclose form responses.

### Right of respondents information

Contact the form creator to access and correct your responses and personal information. Because HeyForm collects form responses on behalf of form creators, you will need to contact the form creator if you have any questions about the form, or if you want to access, update, or delete anything in your responses. HeyForm provides form creators with tools to maintain the responses they collect through their forms. You may request access to and correction of the personal information we hold about you by contacting customer support, however, in most cases HeyForm cannot provide you with this access since form responses are the form creator’s private information (except if the form creator has made the questions and responses available via a public link) and giving you access may have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of other individuals. Heyform will respond to your request for access or correction within a reasonable time and, where reasonable and practicable to do so, Heyform will provide access to your personal information in the manner requested by you.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

HeyForm reserves the right to review, alter, update, and/or remove portions of this Privacy Policy in the future. We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time, in our sole discretion and all modifications will be effective immediately upon our posting of the modifications on our website or notice board. Please check back from time to time to review our Privacy Policy. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the last updated date provided above. By using our Website and/or the Services, you accept the version of this Privacy Policy in place at that time.

## Third party sites

HeyForm Website may include links to third-party websites. Heyform does not control nor does it have control over third party websites. These links are meant for your convenience only. Links to third-party websites do not constitute sponsorship or endorsement or approval of these websites. By using the HeyForm Website and Services, or by choosing to integrate the Services with third-party services, you agree and acknowledge that HeyForm is not responsible for the availability of third party websites and is not responsible and/or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from these third party websites. You further acknowledge and agree that HeyForm shall not be responsible and/or liable, directly, or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with your use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any third party website.

Please be aware that HeyForm is not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites. HeyForm encourages its users to be aware, when they leave the Website, to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.